Let's work on the user item as well and let's ensure that we output something for every user.
We're getting a bunch of user data passed into user item I.D. Image Name so on.
So let's make sure we use that.
So any user item component of course is again all about returning J is X code and I'm using parentheses
here so that I can conveniently write multi line J is X code every user should it be a list item in
the end here because it's inside of an unordered list.
It's good semantics to use a list item here.
Now we'll add a class name of user item to every list item here.
And by the way on the users list I will always add a class name to the unordered list of users list.
Does will make sure to add later to styling works properly and with that back to user item.
So here we have a list item for every user in there.
I'll add a death and on the div I'll add another class name user dash item underscore underscore content.
Make sure you get these class names right.
Because I will provide the finished C as s code to you and to see us as code of course will be fine
tuned for these class names later.
I don't want to bore you with writing our own code which is why I will give you the finished one inside
of that div here.
I won't have the number div with a class name of user dash item underscore underscore image and in debt.
Div we can then render an image self closing tag where the source simply is prop stored image because
that is d key under which we received that image you are L I will also provide a ALD tag here and that
will just be props stored name which is the property under which we received a name of the user.
Now let's add a number diff next to that first div which holds the image and on that.
I'll add a class name of user dash item underscore underscore info and in that Def year I then went
to have a h to tag where I output the user name in curly braces proper name and age free tag where I'll
output prop stored place count which is that name of the proper I get the number of places does user
create it and then also after debt in a new expression in New curly braces I'll check if proper place
count is equal to 1 and if it is with a ternary expression here I'll say place otherwise I'll say places
simply to have to write plural form depending on whether we have one place or a 0 2 3 4 5 places and
so on and that can be as simple basic user item.
Now if we save everything and we have a look at this by going back to slash nothing we see something
this is not really styled in a good way because I haven't added any styling yet but we see something
we see our confit here.
Now let's all to quickly validate that we see the no users found text if we have no users by temporarily
commenting out the single user we have in our users array we now save that we see no users found and
again don't be irritated by this grayish background will soon change this.
So this now generally works but of course styling is totally off now therefore in the next lecture let's
make sure we work on the styling and the general presentation of our data and our components.